20 Themes with the Highest Number of Unique Parts:
Graph Explonation:
The horizontal barchart shows the names of 20 themes with the highest number of unique lego parts ordered according to the decreasing number of unique lego parts.
Unique parts in this case are defined as all lego parts that appear only in one set.

Graph Description/Intermidiate Conclusions:
Themes with highest number of unique parts include, among many others, themes like: "Duplo and Explore", "Ninjago" and "Star Wars". It appears that themes that could be
considered to be visually "unique" are also more likely be chosen as a set with highest numebr of unique parts. Some themes may also end up gaining advantage in this
category thanks to them having more sets overall, like the "Star Wars" theme.

Number of Unique Lego Blocks per Year:
Graph Explonation:
The plot shows the number of unqiue lego blocks produced in a given year. Unique parts in this case are defined as all lego parts that appear only in one set.

Graph Description/Intermidiate Conclusions:
The number of unique lego blocks appears to have increased throughout the years, which makes sense, as with time more sets are produced in a year by the company. As such,
more unique blocks may also be produced. However, the growth is not smooth, and there appear to be significant spikes thoughout the years in the number of unique blocks
produced.

Cumulative Sum of Number of Unique Lego Blocks per Year:
Graph Explonation:
The plot shows the cumulative sum of unqiue lego blocks produced in a given year. Unique parts in this case are defined as all lego parts that appear only in one set.

Graph Description/Intermidiate Conclusions:
The graph shows how the total number of unique blocks increased through the years. Intereestingly enough, the growth appears to be about exponential in nature although
not completly smooth, with significant increases in a given year being noticiable on the plot's line.

Number of Rare Lego Parts vs Average Number of Parts for a Theme
Graph Explonation:
This interactive scatterplot shows the number of rare lego patts on the y-axis and the average number of parts in a set for a given theme. Meaning that each point is
a theme with a given number of rare lego parts and given average number of parts for a set. The rare lego parts on this plot refare to lego parts/blocks that 
appear in only one of the sets accross all themes. Using this plot, collectors can see which themes are most worht buying when it comes to getting the highest
number of unique parts among non-unique lego parts.
