Cumulative Sum of Sets for Chosen Themes:
Graph Explanation:
The plot shows the cumulative sum for the number of sets for selected themes over the years.
The chosen themes were based on their popularity, which was determined by the total number of produced sets.
For this visualization, the top 5 themes with the highest number of produced sets were chosen.

Graph Description/Intermediate conclusions:
As seen on the plot, the "Books" theme is the oldest among the presented themes and experienced slow growth until around the year 2010 when there was a sudden increase.
Many of the presented themes experienced quick growth in the 2000s. "Technic" had the most sets created for it until relatively recently when the "Star Wars" theme's 
explosive growth surpassed it. This illustrates the importance of the "Star Wars" brand for Lego and how collaborating with a well-known brand can influence 
the company's future.

Number of Produced Star Wars Sets:
Prelude:
The previous visualization has shown the significance of the "Star Wars" brand and theme for the Lego company.
It would now be beneficial to take a closer and more thorough look at the growth of the number of sets for the "Star Wars" theme.

Graph Explanation:
The plot displays the number of sets produced in a given year for the "Star Wars" theme. 
Additional dotted, horizontal lines were included to show the release dates for both the main prequel trilogy and the sequel trilogy.
The original trilogy's release dates were not shown since they predate the release of any "Star Wars" themed Lego sets.

Graph Description/Intermediate Conclusions:
Regarding the general trend, it can be seen that the number of produced sets increased considerably over the years. 
However, recently, the number of produced "Star Wars" themed sets has been declining steeply. Interestingly, 3 out of the 6 shown movie releases 
(Attack of the Clones, Revenge of the Sith, The Force Awakens) coincided with local maxima for the number of sets produced. 
Additionally, the release of "Phantom Menace" coincided with the start of collaboration between Lego and Star Wars in producing sets,
with a significant spike visible within a year of the release. However, the release of "Rise of Skywalker" did not cause a significant 
increase in the number of produced themed sets, neither before nor after the premiere.
