  In this data analysis, multiple different aspects of the data have been considered, particularly pertaining to how the 
Lego landscape has changed through sets and themes.It has been noted that throughout the years, many themes have been introduced,
and in some aspects, the popularity of those themes, as reflected through the number of produced sets, coincided with real-world events that influenced
the popularity of brands the themes were based on. Additionally, when viewing time-series data as in this analysis, real-world events can be seen reflected in the data.
For example, the introduction of "Modulex bricks" had a significant impact on the number of produced unique Lego parts that year.
Furthermore, the continued, exponential increase in the number of produced sets may reflect the continued growth of the Lego company, at least theoretically.

  Secondly, the relation between themes and unique parts was explored, giving Lego collectors a possible view of which themes may be worth 
investing in to acquire the most unique Lego collection. Lastly, the relation between colors present in Lego parts was also visualized to show
what sorts of color arrangements a potential buyer may expect from the average Lego set.

  The limiting factor and things worth considering in future analyses may include data pertaining to the sales of Lego sets,
with the price of the individual set as well as sales of individual sets being included. 
Such data would allow the analysis to further dive into the relations between past popularity of sets/themes,
real-world events, and future decisions regarding sets and themes production. However, due to the sensitivity of such data,
it is understandable why such data would not be published.

  In conclusion, the analysis allowed the readers to gain insight into the past trends present in Lego,
as well as visualize some interesting relations between sets and themes, unique parts and themes,
as well as understand the most common colors used when creating Lego parts.
